Kurt Giordano here with Kurt Giordano
plastering my son Jason Giordano who
does the video I'm gonna show you today
how to put this back together first of
all we're going to do it looked like
somebody jumped the curb I love too much
to drink
trust as well
about like
where this studs are so I can get an
idea where to break out I'm going to
salt got this then I'm going to take my
hammer drill break out the paper and
wire to expose it so I can tie the paper
wire back together I'm going to put a
few more studs in there these guys here
pretty shot so I'm going to put four new
studs in there every 16 inches then I'm
going to start tying all the paper wire
together do the two coats and match this
you will see it as we do it okay what we
have here I've added five new studs mud
seal wasn't damaged the piece under here
wasn't damaged so I sister it in a
couple here here screwed it in and that
gives me something solid so I can put my
paper wide now the next thing I'm going
to put my two layers paper on top of
this half foundation water goes to the
stucco our paper will go underneath this
deck so when this could saturate the
water
here because this is studs I'm going to
use a match that she's more rigid so I
won't waste so much stuff oh behind on
my scratch coat otherwise I use this
wire here when I'm applying the scratch
coat I'll lose about I'm job this size
about three buckets here
okay you've already lapped it I used a
3.4 wire mesh because it's more rigid 17
gauge I end up using a lot of mud
between the stud I'm applying walk read
over this guy here because when I stucco
it
this is still a little concave about a
quarter in when I when I'm done I want
it true and flush in all directions this
is what a lot of people
that's got to be true in plum in all
directions can't be hollower can't be
sticking out otherwise you end up
calling me back you won't learn anything
here so take this Darby pork straight
edge and you take it out of slant and
you just go around and what you're doing
is your body at all directions
what I'm going to do now is - it's
called - like gold - assault early 1970
got eight inch bristles you put soupy
mud and you just kind of flick it just
use your wrist let's click it on there
Syd this is what we call it I finish
everybody
you guys these difficult Finnish people
call me and say hey they're really
really difficult Finnish I don't even
want to try I'll show you the techniques
you don't have to hire more time
when I'm done and they paint this it'll
blend it in max that's fat you're not
going to hire me again
all you guys who have chips
you